Touchscreen update to explain the new features added (#3405)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/touchscreen/index.rst

    :description: Instruction for using touchscreen components.
    :image: folder-open.svg

> The ``touchscreen`` component holds the base code for most touchscreen driver components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``touchscreen`` component contains the base code for most touchscreen driver components
```

    # Example touchscreen
    touchscreen:
      - platform: ...
        display: display1
        on_touch:
          then:
            ...
        on_update:
          then:
            ...
        on_release:
          then:
            ...

Configuration variables:
************************

> - **display** (*Required*, :ref:`config-id`): The display to use this touchscreen with.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **display** (*Required*, :ref:`config-id`): The display to use this touchscreen with. This will be provided automatically if only one display is configured on the device.
```

- **on_touch** (*Optional*, :ref:`Automation <automation>`): An automation to perform
  when the touchscreen is touched. See :ref:`touchscreen-on_touch`.
- **on_update** (*Optional*, :ref:`Automation <automation>`): An automation to perform
  when the touchscreen is touched. See :ref:`touchscreen-on_update`.
- **on_release** (*Optional*, :ref:`Automation <automation>`): An automation to perform

>   when the touchscreen is touched. See :ref:`touchscreen-on_release`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  when the touchscreen is no longer touched. See :ref:`touchscreen-on_release`.
```

.. _touchscreen-touchpoint:

``TouchPoint`` argument type.

> -----------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``TouchPoint`` Argument Type
----------------------------
```

Both the :ref:`touchscreen-on_touch` and :ref:`touchscreen-on_update` have an argument of the type :apistruct:`touchscreen::TouchPoint` in a

> list or as variable (only ``on_touch``).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
list (``on_update``) or as an ``optional`` (``on_touch``).
```

The integer members for the touch positions below are in relation to the display width and height:

- ``x`` and ``y`` this shows the current position.
- ``x_last`` and ``y_last`` this shows the priveus position.
- ``x_first`` and ``y_first`` This shows the position of when the touch was firstly detected.

> - ``x_raw`` and ``y_raw`` This if for calibrating the touchscreen in relation of the display. This replaces the properties with the same name in the touchscreen classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``x`` and ``y`` are the current position.
- ``x_last`` and ``y_last`` are the previous position.
- ``x_first`` and ``y_first`` are the position of the touch when it was first detected.
- ``x_raw`` and ``y_raw`` are for calibrating the touchscreen in relation of the display. This replaces the properties with the same name in the touchscreen classes.
```

> - ``id`` is a number given by the touchscreen referencing the detected touch on a multi touch screen.
> - ``state`` shows the state of the touch. This can be **1** as just touched or **2** when the touched position has been moved around.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``id`` is a number provided by the touchscreen to uniquely identify the touch on a multi-touch screen.
- ``state`` indicates the state of the touch. This can be **1**, indicating it is an initial touch, or **2** indicating the touch position has changed/moved.
```

.. _touchscreen-on_touch:

``on_touch`` Trigger
--------------------

> This automation will be triggered when the touchscreen initially detects a touch on the touchscreen; it will not be fired until

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This automation will be triggered when the touchscreen initially detects a touch on the touchscreen; it will not be fired again until
```

> This automation will be triggered when the touchscreen detects a first touch on the touchscreen. And will not be fired until
> all touches (for multi touch supported drivers) are release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This automation will be triggered when the touchscreen initially detects a touch on the touchscreen; it will not be fired until
all touches (for multi-touch supported drivers) are released.
```

> NOTE: This is different from before [TODO]release number[/TODO]. When you still want to get the update positions use the :ref:`touchscreen-on_update`.

Reviewer: Don't forget to update this! 😛

> NOTE: This is different from before [TODO]release number[/TODO]. When you still want to get the update positions use the :ref:`touchscreen-on_update`.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: This has changed (from ESPHome 2023.11.6.) To receive continuous updates from touch drags, use :ref:`touchscreen-on_update`.

```

This trigger provides two arguments named ``touch`` of type *touchpoint* and ``touches`` with a list of all touches.

.. _touchscreen-on_update:

``on_update`` Trigger
---------------------

This new automation will be triggered when the touchscreen detects an extra touch or that a touch has moved around on the screen.

This trigger provides one argument named ``touches`` of type :apiref:`touchscreen::TouchPoints_t` which has a list of
 :ref:`touchscreen-touchpoint`.

> You can use this trigger for example for gesturn's etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This trigger may be useful to detect gestures such as swiping across the display.
```

.. _touchscreen-on_release:

``on_release`` Trigger
----------------------

> This new automation will be triggered when all earlier touches where release from the touchscreen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This automation will be triggered when all touches are released from the touchscreen.
```
